# AtomOne Townhall Meeting 3 Notes

## Date: December 2nd, 2025, 10am PST

Link to the full transcript \[goes here\]  
Link to the full recording \[goes here\]  
Link to the full message log \[goes here\]

## Main Action Items:

Join AtomOne Rapture Club, and all sub groups that interest you  
Vote on existing chain proposal: [Prop 19](https://gov.atom.one/proposals/19)
Sign up for newsletter on [Atom.One](https://atom.one/)

## Brief Summary of Discussion [goes here]

## AtomOne v3 Upgrade

* [Prop 9](https://gov.atom.one/proposals/9): Dynamic deposits will make it so proposal costs rise when governance activity spikes and fall when it cools. It will also burn proposals deposit if the percentage of no votes exceeds the threshold. Will be implemented in v3.  
* [Prop 10](https://gov.atom.one/proposals/10): Activated PHOTON-only fees immediately, completing the fee side of the dual-token model before v3.  
* [Prop 11](https://gov.atom.one/proposals/11): Added dynamic quorums that adjust governance turnout requirements to real participation. Will be implemented in v3.  
* [Prop 12](https://gov.atom.one/proposals/12): Signaled support for the Nakamoto Bonus to improve decentralization, scheduled for v4.  
* [Prop 13](https://gov.atom.one/proposals/13): Attempted to signal the DynamicFee module but failed quorum.  
* [Prop 14](https://gov.atom.one/proposals/14): Converted most ATONE in the Treasury and Community Pool into PHOTON. Will be implemented in v3.  
* [Prop 15](https://gov.atom.one/proposals/15): Resubmitted DynamicFee, passed, and will be included in v3 as an adaptive fee system responding to network load.

## Ongoing Engineering Efforts (v4)

* \[Nakamoto presentation\]

## Delegation Program Updates

* \[blog link goes here\]

## Dither Updates

* [Added](https://github.com/allinbits/dither.chat/pull/468) support for account @handles
* [Proposed an implementation](https://github.com/allinbits/dither.chat/pull/494) to version prococol changes
* [Migrated to Bun Toolkit](https://github.com/allinbits/dither.chat/pull/480) from of pnpm & Node
* [Added](https://github.com/allinbits/dither.chat/pull/478) support for E2E tests w/ Keplr integration
* [Improved](https://github.com/allinbits/dither.chat/pull/436) frontend wallet integration
* UI improvements
* Security changes (Content Security Policy, enforce AUTH & JWT secrets)
* Quick demo of Dither account handle registration

## AtomOne Evangelists

* \[link and form goes here\]

## DAO working group, starting with Buidl DAO

* \[Jordan? Michelle Jeronimo \]

## Staking and Governance app updates?

* x

## IBC Update?

* x

## ICS Update?

* x

## Gno.land consumer chain / Crypto Tri-fecta?

* x

## Open Discussion Time

* ### Advertising

* ### Outreach

* ### CMC Listing

* ### Upcoming CEX Listing?
